All right so let's figure out our answer to problem number one.
How are we going to somehow tie a cart to a person when they're never going to be logged in or anything
like that.
So here's the idea.
Here's how we're going to solve it at some point time.
A user who is using our application is going to click on that add to cart button.
So like this button right here we're going to have this button be wrapped inside of a little form element.
So whenever a user clicks on that button they're going to make a POST request to our server and inside
that post request we're going to have the idea of the item that the user wants to add.
So in this case we're going to imagine that maybe these gloves right here have an idea of one two three.
The browser is going to make that request of the backend server.
It's going to say I want to take product one two three.
I want to add it to my cart.
So then our Express server is going to have to figure out some way to take this product and associate
it with the person who just made that request.
That's the key here.
And we've kind of already gone through this process before when we were talking about authentication.
We spoke about how we can tie information with someone who's going to be making requests to our server
so to handle this whenever someone makes that request.
We're going to have some logic on our back end that figures out how to create a card how to add a product
to it all that kind of stuff.
That's kind of question too that we'll discuss.
But more importantly in order to associate this product in a cart with the person who just made the
request we're going to generate some kind of representation of a shopping cart and assign it a random
I.D..
So in this case when this person tried to submit that product right there we might create a shopping
cart for them with some random idea like 9 8 7 and then in order to associate that shopping cart with
the person who just made the request we're going to set that cart I.D. inside the cookie and send the
cookie or send the response back to the person who made the request because we are storing this cart
I.D. inside the cookie every single time that this person with this browser makes a follow up request
for application.
We're always going to know exactly what car is tied to that person because we're going to look in the
cookie we're going to see the cart I.D. inside their.
So again this is the same exact idea as all that request wrecked session stuff we went through.
Same idea as all that user I.D. stuff we went through in time the user I.D. to the users.
Cookie So same idea.
The only difference is that instead of having like a user record this time we're going to have some
kind of cart record or some representation of a cart and all the items that are inside of it tied to
that I.D..
So that kind of answers question number one how are we going to tie a cart with a person who's never
going to be logged in.
Remember you don't have to be like quote unquote logged in to store set and store information side of
a cookie.
The cookie is always there we can always store information side of it no matter what it is a hundred
percent managed by the browser and the information inside that cookie is always going to be sent to
our application on any follow up request.
So now that we've got an idea of how we're going to approach Problem 1 Let's take another quick pause
and talk about how we're going to approach problem to.